---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---
# Sensitive Data Exposure
Sensitive data exposure is the process of exploiting a lack of cryptography within a webpage to attain sensitive user information. This can be done due to maintaining a poor API design that can inadvertently cause sensitive data to be exposed to parties who should not have access. Additionally, an adversary can take advantage of a web application that stores user credentials in plaintext or using weak cryptographic algorithms. This will require an ample amount of time researching the proper use of hashing to protect passwords against offline brute-force attacks.

### Exercise (This needs to be run locally to work effectively) 

Requiremend Tools: Install a tool that allows a user to capture and view packet captures such as tcpdump or Wireshark. For this exercise we will use tcpdump to capture the packets and Wireshark to view the captured packets.

1. Run command "sudo tcpdump -i any -w capture.pcap". This command listens to any interface on a workstation using the -i option and writes the packets to a file using the -w option. Once this is running, tcpdump will display a message stating that the tool is listening on the specified interface. 

2. Run command "npm start" in the directory containing the SBR application. This will start the web application on the workstation's localhost with port 3000. If this command is executed correctly, the following will be seen through the terminal. 

3. Type the following entry in a web browser "localhost:3000login". This will bring up the login page for the SBT web application. When prompted for an email address and password enter the following: email: user123@gmail.com password: 123user. If this is executed correctly, you will be redirected to the localhost:3000/lists page. 

4. Once this is complete enter ctrl+c on the terminals containing the tcpdump capture and the web application wince we no longer need them running. 

5. On the same window as the tcpdump capture, enter the command "Wireshark capture.pcap" to open up the captured packets in Wireshark. This will open up a Wireshark window containing the capture.pcap file.  

6. Enter ctrl+f and search for GET under the "String" portion of the packets. Enter find until you discover the packet containing the GET request used to authenticate with the web application. This packet will contain the username and password of the user in plaintext.


# XML External Entities
